README.md, before:

# API Samples and Documentation

This repository contains code samples and notes for our public API. The [API specification](#rest-api-specification) should be considered the primary reference.

## URLs

- <https://api.uk.casefunnel.io> - UK (London)
- <https://api.au.casefunnel.io> - Australia (Sydney)
- <https://api.us.casefunnel.io> - USA (Ohio)
- <https://api.casefunnel.co> - deprecated.  Do Not Use.  Alternate URL for London.
- <https://api.casefunnel.io> - deprecated.  Do Not Use.  Alternate URL for London.

## Getting Started

Refer to our [walk-through guide for common API use cases](UseCasesWalkthrough_V2.md) to get started. [Concepts and data](concepts-and-data-v2.md) provides guidance on the data model exposed by the API.

(Deprecated) For an overview of the data model, used by API V1, [follow this guide](concepts-and-data-v1.md).

## [Rest] API Specification

- [V2 (Current)](https://api.uk.casefunnel.io/docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=CaseFunnel%20Case%20API%20V2)
- [V1 (Deprecated)](https://api.uk.casefunnel.io/docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=CaseFunnel%20Case%20API%20V1)

## Webhooks

[Documentation](OutgoingWebhooks.md)

## Testing with Postman

### Importing an API specification

You can import a specification of our API directly into Postman. Follow this guide on [Importing an API](https://learning.postman.com/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/importing-an-api/#importing-api-definitions). The link to the API specification you will require are listed below.

- V2 - https://api.casefunnel.io/docs/funnel-v2.json
- V1 - https://api.casefunnel.io/docs/funnel-v1.json

### Importing a Postman collection

Alternatively you can import one of the following JSON Postman collection files. Follow this guide on [Importing a collection](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting-data/#importing-postman-data). Please be aware that these files may become stale, using the method above is a sure fire way to import the latest specification of our APIs.

- V2 - [CaseFunnel-V2.postman_collection.json](CaseFunnel-V2.postman_collection.json) - generated 24/07/2023
- V1 - [CaseFunnel-V1.postman_collection.json](CaseFunnel-V1.postman_collection.json) - generated 24/07/2023

Commit message:

Add a little context to webhooks

README.md, after:

# API Samples and Documentation

This repository contains code samples and notes for our public API. The [API specification](#rest-api-specification) should be considered the primary reference.

## URLs

- <https://api.uk.casefunnel.io> - UK (London)
- <https://api.au.casefunnel.io> - Australia (Sydney)
- <https://api.us.casefunnel.io> - USA (Ohio)
- <https://api.casefunnel.co> - deprecated.  Do Not Use.  Alternate URL for London.
- <https://api.casefunnel.io> - deprecated.  Do Not Use.  Alternate URL for London.

## Getting Started

Refer to our [walk-through guide for common API use cases](UseCasesWalkthrough_V2.md) to get started. [Concepts and data](concepts-and-data-v2.md) provides guidance on the data model exposed by the API.

(Deprecated) For an overview of the data model, used by API V1, [follow this guide](concepts-and-data-v1.md).

## [Rest] API Specification

- [V2 (Current)](https://api.uk.casefunnel.io/docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=CaseFunnel%20Case%20API%20V2)
- [V1 (Deprecated)](https://api.uk.casefunnel.io/docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=CaseFunnel%20Case%20API%20V1)

## Webhooks

Webhooks are HTTP-callbacks that can be used to notify you of a change to the data we hold. [Follow this guide](outgoing-webhooks.md) for details on what & when webhooks can be configured and the payload that is sent.

Typically customers configure webhooks to notify them of new or updated data then use the payload to query our API for further information.

## Testing with Postman

### Importing an API specification

You can import a specification of our API directly into Postman. Follow this guide on [Importing an API](https://learning.postman.com/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/importing-an-api/#importing-api-definitions). The link to the API specification you will require are listed below.

- V2 - https://api.casefunnel.io/docs/funnel-v2.json
- V1 - https://api.casefunnel.io/docs/funnel-v1.json

### Importing a Postman collection

Alternatively you can import one of the following JSON Postman collection files. Follow this guide on [Importing a collection](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting-data/#importing-postman-data). Please be aware that these files may become stale, using the method above is a sure fire way to import the latest specification of our APIs.

- V2 - [CaseFunnel-V2.postman_collection.json](CaseFunnel-V2.postman_collection.json) - generated 24/07/2023
- V1 - [CaseFunnel-V1.postman_collection.json](CaseFunnel-V1.postman_collection.json) - generated 24/07/2023
